Hello you wonderful people.
Before we get started with the engine I thought to be a good idea to do a quick video.
How to use this course.
I want to make sure we get the best out of this.
Each section of the course is going to be a different project a different game.
So I start with a very simple text based game looney lips very simple word game and then we're gonna
move up in scale and complexity until the last project to this course which is a 3D shooter with no
guns food fight where we can throw food at robots while there are a whole bunch of 3D stuff is going
on around us.
So each project is going to get more complicated.
We'll start with very common foundational principles things like variables printing to console suffixes
again and again and again and by the end of it we'll talk about things like blending animations in 3D
with animation trees how to deal with physics bugs stuff like that.
There's something else we should talk about which is how to use this course in terms of where to go
for help and when to look for help well where to go for help is a good place to start.
And the easiest place to start is right here on udemy.
On each lecture you'll see a little Q and A.
You can ask questions well maybe you want something a little more immediate or maybe just want to get
to know the community hang out make some friends get some ideas get some feedback on your project stuff
like that.
For that I would recommend discord.
I spend a lot of time on our discord.
We have our own discord server and if you don't know discord is it's a free chat program voice and text
chat.
Ours is almost exclusively text.
Very few people chat so you don't feel like talking to my friend.
Don't worry it's not an expectation.
We make sure that it's very supportive friendly and welcoming community.
And if you look in the resources this lecture which I believe at the time of recording will be in the
top left of your screen there'll be an invite to our discord.
You can join it.
It's free.
You don't even have to download the program if you want.
You could use the web browser.
You could also if you're a little old school.
Use the game def TV forums.
I say old school I feel old people parties forums.
Ben's been working quite hard to make these up to date.
You go there browse other people's stuff introduce yourself and all kinds of things.
Talking about how to use this course you're going to see a lot of these slides every time you see these
green boarders.
I'm going to set you a challenge now of course you don't have to do the challenge but I do recommend
it.
I recommend that you listen to the instructions and the one to tell you to pause the video.
He pulls it out leave a gap of that four seconds and then you can come back and I'll either wrap it
up or move on.
So my challenge for you is to introduce yourself.
I would suggest dropping by and saying hi in one of the game to have social spaces.
You could go to the Q and A.
If you do.
Do remember to mark your post as answered so reply to yourself in markets.
Answer it.
I am very interested in seeing your welcomes and hellos but if we see 300 unanswered questions and it
turns out that 100 of them are Hi I'm new I'm excited to see everybody which is wonderful.
We might not get to help help I need help.
So do not get his answers if he can go to the game dev community forum.
Go to the disco.
We also have a Facebook page which I will link here.
You can go join our Facebook group and say Hi
and welcome back.
OK before we any further let's talk about the second point on this slide.
When to look for help.
So you do want to try and solve problems yourself.
Right it's a great way of learning but you don't want to punish yourself and not necessary understanding
something or knowing something quite yet.
So what I would recommend is if you get stuck which happens all the time sometimes it's a silly mistake
sometimes it's a fundamental misunderstanding I certainly get stuck lot.
Try solving it first.
Say 5 to 10 minutes if you're not getting anywhere from there.
Reach out Udemy is a great place to look for solutions that people have already found Discord is a great
place for quick answers and forum is a great place for slang for slower more considered answers so I
would suggest give it a shot for a few minutes then either take a break and come back to it or reach
out.
Don't keep hammering your head against the keyboard metaphorically or literally if you could just get
some support.
And with that I think that break is the end of the video.
So in the next video we look at installing gotto on a P.C..